<h1 id="2025-chapter-convention-minutes">2025 Chapter Convention Minutes</h1>
<h2 id="flint-hills-dsa">Flint Hills DSA</h2>

<p><strong>Date:</strong> 2025-07-10 
<strong>Time:</strong> 6:00 PM CST<br />
<strong>Location:</strong> Manhattan Public Library, Groesbeck Room / Discord</p>

<p><strong>Meeting Chair:</strong> Noah Rude</p>

<p><strong>Secretary:</strong> Derron Borders</p>

<hr />

<h2 id="meeting-information">Meeting Information</h2>

<p><strong>Time Called to Order:</strong> 6:12 pm CDT</p>

<p><strong>Members Present:</strong>  10</p>

<p><strong>Quorum Required:</strong>  Yes</p>

<p><strong>Quorum Met:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />Yes</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />No</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="members-present">Members Present</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Derron Borders</li>
  <li>Beccah Bromley</li>
  <li>Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li>Peter Herrmann</li>
  <li>Nick McKee-Rist</li>
  <li>Noah Rude</li>
  <li>Cameron Smith</li>
  <li>Steven Steinman</li>
  <li>Jamen Tojcak</li>
  <li>George Vlasak</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="guests-present">Guests Present</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Rina Anno</li>
  <li>Kiara Hays</li>
</ul>

<hr />

<h2 id="i-call-to-order">I. Call to Order</h2>
<p><strong>Time:</strong> 6:12 pm CDT</p>
<ul>
  <li>Quorum established: 10 members present</li>
</ul>

<hr />

<h2 id="ii-introductions">II. Introductions</h2>
<ul>
  <li>How was the past year, in terms of political action?
    <ul>
      <li>Major Themes discussed:
        <ul>
          <li>It has been an awkward year. Loved Gabriel Rochhill’s talk, especially about how small organizations can creat big change, but takes time.</li>
          <li>Struggling to get out and organize. Personal relationships have pushed some folks to get up and actually do something.</li>
          <li>Just beginning their political activism journey and have been trying to learn as much as they can</li>
          <li>The year has been busy. Lot’s of things going on at once both nationally but also within the community and in personal lives.</li>
          <li>Came to a DSA meeting once last year (the convention) but didn’t really do much until January of this past year. Most of their organizing has been within higher education.</li>
          <li>Discussed using their role and status to bring a message of solidarity and liberation, wore a keffiyeh during a graduation speech.</li>
          <li>Been a very busy year, has tried to particiapte in activism where they can, but has struggled to to find good balance.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<hr />

<h2 id="iii-new-business">III. New Business</h2>

<h3 id="overview-of-the-democratic-socialists-of-america-and-the-flint-hills-chapter">Overview of the Democratic Socialists of America and the Flint Hills Chapter</h3>
<p><strong>Presenter:</strong> Noah<br />
<strong>Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>What is DSA?</li>
  <li>Bylaws</li>
  <li>Steering committee</li>
  <li>Committees and working groups
    <ul>
      <li>Committees = internal organizing, working groups = organizing and action</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Discussion:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Discussion around theory and where we are and where we want to be.</li>
  <li>We are democratic and we have a voice all the way up to Nationals.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="organizing-vs-mobilizing-vs-action">Organizing vs. Mobilizing vs. Action</h3>

<p><strong>Presenter:</strong> Amanda Crisp</p>

<p><strong>Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Amanda discussed the basic differences of organizing vs. mobilizing and what action looks like from the socialist perspective.</li>
  <li>Organizing targets specific values, goals, and outcomes.</li>
  <li>Organizing is a long term project. It’s continuous. It’s slow and not alwys exciting.</li>
  <li>Mobilizing is basically getting people to show up. It’s sexy, it feels good.</li>
  <li>Mobilizing can feel like action–”we are doing something!”</li>
  <li>Mobilizing looks like people who show up to a protest that has zero goals, zero demands, chatting, and being in community with people, taking photos, and then going home where nothing has changed.</li>
  <li>Mobilizing feels glamorous but at the end of the day, what has changed?</li>
  <li>Our goal is to be better organized so that we can better mobilize and take action</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Discussion:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Discussion of successful organizing took place:
    <ul>
      <li>Black Panther Party - Free medical clincis, armed protection, contributions to civil rights, education of community</li>
      <li>Organizing is a threat to the ruling class</li>
      <li>Mutual aid coalitions</li>
      <li>Labor unionizing - American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (District 33) in Philadelphia just reach aggreeement with Philly Mayor; Starbucks; Amazon;, UAW electing a socialist</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="2025-26-steering-committee-elections">2025-26 Steering Committee Elections</h3>
<p><strong>Presenter:</strong> Derron</p>

<p><strong>Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Nominees
    <ul>
      <li>Co-chairs
        <ul>
          <li>Noah Rude</li>
          <li>Peter Herrmann</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Treasurer
        <ul>
          <li>Steve Steinman</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Membership Coordinator
        <ul>
          <li>Beccah Bromley</li>
          <li>Amanda Crisp</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Secretary
        <ul>
          <li>Andrew Govea</li>
          <li>Derron Borders</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>No one is running unopposed:
    <ul>
      <li>Article V. Section 2. of the Bylaws state that “Uncontested elections may be decided by acclamation without objection…,” which just means that we can take a voice vote for each person and if there are no objections, then they are elected. We will need a motion to vote by acclimation without objection first and then a motion to vote for each individual.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="discussion"><strong>Discussion:</strong></h2>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Vote on steering committe by acclimation without no objection</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Beccah Bromley</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong>  None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Noah Rude as Co-chair</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Beccah Bromley</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong> None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Steve Steinman as Treasurer</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Peter Herrmann</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Beccah Bromley</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong>  None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Beccah Bromley as Co-Member Coordinator</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Amanda crsip</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Noah Rude</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong>  None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Amanda Crisp as Co-Member Coordinator</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Peter Herrmann</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Beccah Bromley</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong> None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Andrew Govea as Co-Secretary</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Derron Borders</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong> None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to elect Derron Borders as Co-Secretary</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Peter Herrmann</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong> None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="new-logo">New Logo</h3>
<p><strong>Presenter:</strong> Derron<br />
<strong>Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>While we are appreciative to Caleb for his contribution to creating the original logo, it lacked a sense of identity and branding for the Chapter and I proposed we create a new one through democratic process. We opened up the opportunity for folks to propose a logo design concept and as a chapter we voted, providing feedback on the various concepts that we received. I’m excited to announce that Riley Scott’s concept was overwhelmingly voted to move forward for consideration as the new official logo. Riley was presented with feedback from those who voted and created a concept that represents both a local Kansas brand with the larger National DSA brand. Here it is. He will also provide a black and white version (white outline and black outline) that is transparent and can go over any kind of background.</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Discussion:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Any thoughts, critiques, suggested changes, wants, wishes, needs?
    <ul>
      <li>We want this to represent us as a Chapter.</li>
      <li>Horizontal strokes, make the KS smaller, maybe include the blue stem</li>
      <li>Maybe the image of a sun KS and Flint Hills are the rays</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="governing-documents-revision-and-development">Governing Documents Revision and Development</h3>
<p><strong>Presenter:</strong> Derron</p>

<p><strong>Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Bylaws</li>
  <li>Political Framework</li>
  <li>Code of Conduct</li>
  <li>Democratic Decision Making
    <ul>
      <li>Parliamentary Rules</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Standard Operating Procedures</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Discussion:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Derron is in the process of creating videos to help with learning and understanding GitHub as a central location for centralizing our democratic processes.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="open-forum">Open Forum</h3>

<p><strong>Background:</strong> What should we be doing for the next year?</p>

<p><strong>Discussion:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>There was an idea to have one week a month (the 1st or 3rd) set aside for socializing.</li>
  <li>Noah discussed working group and chapter-wide events (e.g., Palestine movie viewing, or event at Auntie Mae’s) could be during this time, since we already set time aside for it each month.</li>
  <li>Derron discussed dedicating the other week of the month to education, mentioned creating a curriculum that was welcoming to folks who were new to socialism but also could cater to those who were well read in socialist theory.</li>
  <li>There was also discussion about how to move from digital to more face-to-face engagement</li>
  <li>Society has become so digital and rely so much on technology.</li>
  <li>There was discussion of giving up one’s smart phone and going back to a flip phone to disconnect</li>
</ul>

<hr />

<h2 id="iv-action-items">IV. Action Items</h2>
<p>| Action Item | Owner(s) | Deadline | GitHub Issue |
|————-|———-|———-|————–|
| Review National DSA Resolution Proposal before next meeting | @flinthillsdsa/chapter-member  | 2025-07-24| #132|</p>

<hr />

<h2 id="v-next-meeting">V. Next Meeting</h2>

<p><strong>Motion/Decision:</strong></p>
<ul class="task-list">
  <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Move to host a Chapter meeting on July 24, 2025</li>
  <li><strong>Moved by:</strong> Derron Borders</li>
  <li><strong>Seconded by:</strong> Amanda Crisp</li>
  <li><strong>Discussion:</strong> None</li>
  <li><strong>Vote:</strong> Unainamous</li>
  <li><strong>Result:</strong></li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" checked="checked" />PASSED</li>
  <li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" disabled="disabled" />FAILED</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Date:</strong> 2025-08-14 
<strong>Time:</strong> 6:00 PM CST<br />
<strong>Location:</strong> Manhattan Public Library / Discord</p>

<p><strong>Potential Agenda Items for Next Meeting:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Vote to adopt logo</li>
  <li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m3-XzrEpRsxWUmxj3nUrlAch5QZQWklQM0FcjZefaH4">Vote on National DSA resolution proposals</a></li>
  <li></li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Deadlines:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>Agenda item submissions due: Next Thursday, July 17, 2025</li>
  <li>Final agenda distributed: July 18, 2025</li>
</ul>

<hr />

<h2 id="vi-adjournment">VI. Adjournment</h2>
<p><strong>Motion:</strong> To adjourn the meeting<br />
<strong>Moved by:</strong> Derron Borders<br />
<strong>Seconded by:</strong> Noah Rude 
<strong>Vote:</strong> Unanimous
<strong>Meeting Adjourned:</strong> 8:04 PM</p>

<hr />

<h2 id="notes-for-secretary">Notes for Secretary</h2>
<p><em>Use this space for additional notes, context, or reminders while drafting</em></p>

<hr />

<p><strong>Minutes Prepared by:</strong> Derron Borders 
<strong>Date Prepared:</strong> 2025-07-10<br />
<strong>Status:</strong> Draft - Pending Review</p>
